Add known-issues for all affected releases for the feature upgrade issue (#110523)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/8.13.0.asciidoc

https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/downsampling-ilm.html[configuration]
or a configuration that was activated at some point since upgrading to version 8.10 or later.

> * When upgrading clusters with non-master-eligible nodes in them from versions before 8.13, information on new functionality
> of the upgraded nodes may not be registered properly with the master. This can lead to some new functionality
> added since 8.13.0 not being accessible on the upgraded cluster. The workaround is to perform a rolling restart
> on the non-master-eligible nodes once the upgrade is complete. This is only necessary when upgrading from a version
> prior to 8.13.0.

Reviewer: consider this slightly more brief version

```suggestion
* When upgrading clusters from version 8.12.2 or earlier, if your cluster contains non-master-eligible nodes, information about the new functionality
of these upgraded nodes may not be registered properly with the master node. This can lead to some new functionality
added since 8.13.0 not being accessible on the upgraded cluster. To resolve this issue, perform a rolling restart
on the non-master-eligible nodes after the upgrade is complete.
```

Author: Done. I've also added a note about upgrades on ECK
